{book: true, sample: true}
# A Girl Named Charlie

It was a cool, misty evening just after sunset when David arrived home from work.  He locked his bike to a tree in the front yard.  The house was modest, but it was a nice neighborhood.  There were plenty of trees, and he often saw deer running around freely at this time of day.  It was only biking distance to the center of town.

Riding his bicycle to and from work was an attempt at fitness.  Also it was bracing in the morning dew and the evening chill.  Somehow the loneliness of it felt right to him.  There was something deeply lonely about biking in the morning before dawn.  It wasn't the same as driving.  Driving could be lonely too, but it was different.  On a bike he was exposed.  And it felt appropriate. 

He kicked off his shoes just inside the door.  He didn’t hear anyone inside.  In the kitchen on the island one of his roommates had left mail addressed to Jonathan McKinsey.  It looked like bills and junk mail.  David took it under his arm and he took a beer from the refrigerator and opened it immediately.

Then to his bedroom where he tossed the mail aside and sat for a moment on his bed, drink in hand.  It seemed his roommates were out.  He enjoyed the quiet.

He pushed his socks off one foot at a time with his toes and then brought his feet up to sit cross-legged.  He had no plans but to sip scotch in bed until sleep took him.  Then wake up, go to work, come back home and repeat.  *Much as almost everyone lives their lives,* he thought.  *One pointless day after another.*

His roommate's dog Barney came sniffing around his doorway, asking if he could come inside.  Dogs were welcome sometimes.  Nobody else was.  If David wanted company, he went out.

Barney was medium sized and friendly and submissive.  Sometimes David would take care of him when Nick was out of town.  David and his roommates were friendly in an arms-length, businesslike sort of way.  Even if David had had no particular reason for keeping secrets, he did not like to tell people about his personal affairs.

David kept things from them even when he had no specific reason to do so.  For one particular, he always acted just a tiny bit slow-witted for their sake.

He tried to appear dim, but the walls of his bedroom were covered full and overflowing with books.  He never invited anyone inside his room, but if the door was open anyone could see that it looked like a messy library inside.  Bookcases lined every wall.  

David wasn’t tidy though.  Every flat surface in the room was covered in dirty glasses and soda cans and books that had been opened and stacked.

Without ever saying it exactly, David encouraged the roommates to think that his books were all novels---he was an avid consumer of novels, or so he would have them believe---and that he was also a struggling unpublished novelist himself.

He sighed deeply and let the beer do its magic, slowly working away the worries of the day.  It was a cheaper beer than what he had grown used to in his earlier life.  *But God makes fools of us all,* he thought.

Barney sat on the floor by his bed, content for just a moment.  But Barney was not content for long.  He stood up and he started walking toward the door, and then he came back for David.  Then he turned and went again---clearly asking David to follow him the way dogs do.  Barney did this several times, dancing a little as he walked.  David figured he needed to be let outside.

As soon as David stood up, Barney raced down the hall to the living room and then waited.  David picked up the mail again, thinking he would read it while the dog did his business.  When David got to the living room, Barney raced to the back door.  Barney didn't bark.  He was not impolite.  But Barney made it very clear what he wanted.

As soon as David opened the back door, Barney raced out and became a shadow moving joyfully among the grass and bushes of the yard before he settled to do his business.  David flipped on the back porch light and sat on a folding chair.  

He ripped open one of the envelopes.  It was just a credit card bill in the name of Jonathan McKinsey.

After a moment, he noticed fruit flies buzzing around a potted plant beside the door.  As soon as he saw the reason, he smelled it at the same time.  There on top of the soil in the pot someone had tossed two handfuls of strawberries and left them to rot along with bits of orange peel.  David stared at them and gulped his beer.

After a few minutes, Barney came back on his own and waited politely at the door.  When David opened it, Barney ran through and disappeared down the hallway into the room he shared with his human, Nick.

In the kitchen, David noticed that his beer was empty.  He grabbed an Old Fashioned glass from the cabinet and went back to his bedroom for the hard stuff.

On a bookshelf within reaching distance from his bed, David kept a collection of what looked like self help books.  Ironically, right beside those books he kept his personal bar---bottles of cheap rum, cheap scotch, and vodka.

He poured two fingers of scotch and added a thimble of water.  He tasted it and longed for the days when he could afford better scotch.  The cheap stuff had an unpleasant bite.  He added another splash of water to soften it.

Then he changed into pajama pants and he sat again and drank.  Just drank until he began to feel the warmth of the scotch low in his belly and that slight buzz in his mind like all was well.

He pulled a book from the self-help shelf without looking at it.  But he didn't open the book. He just sat and sipped his scotch, his eyes glazed with a thousand-yard stare.

The book's cover was *How to Win Friends and Influence People*. But that was just the cover. David had carefully cut the cover off a copy of that book and replaced the inside with an obscure book he treasured.  At the moment, though, he didn't need to read the book.  He just needed to hold it and to let holding it remind him of what the book had to teach him.