***

David slept dreamlessly at first and then more fitfully as the hours wore on.  By the time he woke again it was 5 PM and he had decided to call in sick for work.  It was a big place.  He would hardly be missed.

For the price of two movie tickets, Nick and Alex agreed to let him have the house to himself for the night---at least until midnight.  He didn't offer them any details.  He let them assume it was a date, which was more or less the truth anyway.



When both roommates had gone, David sat and waited. Five minutes passed in nervous anticipation. He poured himself a scotch and sipped it slowly. At this point in his life, one drink was far too little to dull his senses.

He wondered suddenly if he was presentable enough, and he glanced down at himself. His jeans were over-worn. Quickly to the bathroom mirror. He looked much as he had looked five years before. He was just over 30, but he had looked about 25 years old for the last ten years. Blond. Thin. No obvious attempt at muscles or fitness.

There was a quiet knock at the front door. He went at a run in his bare feet. Opened the door. There she was, and the two of them just stood for a moment. She had dyed her hair. Or was that a wig? It was much darker than the sandy blond he remembered. And it was shorter---just below the chin. And she wore glasses with a thick black plastic frame. The effect was drastic. She looked like a different person almost. But nothing she could do would change the shape of her face, and he noticed she still wore thick black mascara to emphasize her already large eyes.

She had a face like one artists wanted to paint. That was in no way an exaggeration or a personal opinion. Professional photographers had photographed her at their own expense. And painters had painted her for the pleasure of it. That was before all this mess had happened. The dark hair and glasses did not suit her. In her natural colors, she looked a little like Grace Kelly, the sort of beauty that marries into royalty. An austere, cool beauty.

Back then---before---everywhere she walked she had had three or four boys trailing after her---boys who had fallen in love on first sight. She had once commented on this to David in a bored tone.

"Another boy has fallen in love with me," she had said.
David had of course already noticed all the other boys. Boys, he had thought. But I guess so am I.

David had never been jealous or felt threatened by them. Not because he thought he owned her or that he was better than all the other boys trailing after her. He did not think that. It was very simple. She had chosen him. Her reasons were her own and quite unknown to him. But he knew that he definitely had not done anything to win her affection.

"You look changed," she said. They had never exchanged meaningless pleasantries. It had been years since they last saw each other, so pleasantries seemed especially meaningless. He smiled and she smiled at the irony. Perhaps she did not mean it ironically. Maybe he was changed. No. He was definitely changed. But she was the one wearing a wig---he was sure of it now.

He tossed his head to invite her in. She entered and closed the door behind her.

"I don't mean it ironically," she said. "Your face is the same, but you look like the kind of tired that doesn't go away with sleep. And you didn't drink as much when we were better acquainted."

"Well, your grace," he said. "You look better as a blond."
"I know," she said.

***

"Have a seat," he offered.
She lingered just a moment by the door as if unsure what to do.

"This isn't just a social call," she said.

"I know that, Darling. I'm not an idiot. Any chance you'll take that thing off?" He glanced up at the wig.

She shrugged. "It's hard to put back on right. We'll see. Can I have one of whatever you're drinking? " She paused briefly. "Scotch, is it? Ugh. Beer please if you have it."

He chuckled. "I have beer."

She sat on the sofa while he went to the kitchen for beer.

She wore a too-big, off-one-shoulder blouse that looked like it came straight from the 80s. When he returned from the kitchen with two beers, his eyes lingered on the cream of her exposed shoulder.

"Shouldn't you avoid the attention?" he said.

She followed his gaze. "A man looking at my shoulder isn't looking at my face very hard," she said. She took the beer and the glass he offered. She put the glass down and drank the beer from the bottle.

He sat next to her on the sofa, on her left side, his thigh against hers, and he could think of little else but running his fingers through her hair again---her real hair. The wig looked real. He would not have known it was a wig if he didn't know her. But a wig just wouldn't do.

"What do they call you these days," he asked.

She smiled, then laughed, and he didn't know what was funny, but he was thrilled to hear her laugh.

"I'm going by Charlie---Charlotte on documents. 'But don't call me Charlotte,' I tell people. I practiced my signature so many times."

She put her hand softly on his thigh near the knee. "Do you know why I'm here?" she said.

"To see my handsome face, of course," he said.

"Yes, that," she said with no irony at all. "But there's more."

"That much I presume."

Her eyes lit with laughter. "When you presume, you make a 'pres' out of you and me," she said.

"I'm willing to take that risk," he said.

She turned to look at him pointedly. Her eyes always had so much to say. There was worry there, and there was mirth and affection.

"You are still allowed to kiss me, David," she said.  "You always were. Just do it already because I have something I need to tell you and I want your full attention on what I'm say-ing."

He reached gingerly for her face and touched the black plastic glasses she wore. "Do you actually need these?"

"No. They're plain glass."

He took them off her and put them on the table. He began trying to remove the wig and he fumbled at it. Evidently she had it pinned down or something. She sighed with limitless patience, and she reached up with both hands to unfasten it herself. She tossed the wig aside and then untied her natural hair. It fell down to her shoulders in spirals the color of beach sand on a summer day in full sunlight.

When he moved in to kiss her lips, she pushed in and she bit his bottom lip and grabbed the back of his head, tightly grasping a handful of his hair.
She pulled back just a moment to meet his eyes again, smiling. "I know you think I'm some beautiful goddess and I'm out of your league or something---"

"Quit doing that," he cut in.

"---But you are quite a catch yourself," she finished.

"Don't I know it, honey! "

"Yes, you think you're funny and charming---and you are. But also you're easy on the eyes. I'm not doing you a favor here," she said.

He knew this thing she was doing all too well, and he meant to let her finish, but mostly he was fascinated by touching her left ear.

"For example," she continued. "Your eyes are the greenest I've ever seen. And I do not talk too much!"

"Darling girl, would you please let me say a thing before you respond angrily to it? I'd like you to know that I had the balls to say it out loud."

She cocked her head, waiting, smiling.

"Darling girl, you talk too much. You offered me a kiss and I mean to take it."

She kissed him then, and it was firm, and it felt very much like she was the one doing the kissing, but then she pulled away. With a touch of worry in her eyes suddenly, she reached for her purse and pulled out a piece of copy paper folded twice. She pushed it to his chest without looking. "Tell me what you see," she said.

He was suddenly sure what the paper was even before he unfolded it. He took it, and he looked at her afraid where this was going. He didn't remember the face. He just remembered the facts. Abstractions. He did not tend to remember things visually the way she did. But he knew what it was. It was a sketch of a woman's face done in pencil. It was a photocopy. If TV was any indication of real life, the police would have made this sketch. But Caitlin---now Charlie---had drawn this herself because she could draw. She didn't need someone else to draw for her. He remembered those details. She had seen this woman that night, and she had tried to put the police on the right path.

When he unfolded the paper and looked, he was confused. "I thought you were showing me the old sketch from when... But this is..." He paused, hoping she would explain, but she just waited. "Is this Penelope Walters?"