{book: true, sample: true}
# A Girl Named Charlie

It was a cool, dewy morning just before twilight when David arrived home from work and locked his bike to a tree in the front yard. He worked nights, and he made just over minimum wage.  He was pleased he could afford to live here---an unremarkable house, but it was in a nice part of town.  He shared the place with two roommates, but even so.  There were plenty of trees, and he often saw deer running around freely at this time of day.  And it was only biking distance to the center of town.

Riding his bicycle to and from work was an attempt at fitness.  Also it was bracing in the morning chill.  And somehow the loneliness of it felt right to him.  There was something deeply lonely about biking in the morning before dawn.  It wasn't the same as driving.  Driving could be lonely too, especially driving on a highway at night.  But it was different.

He was careful to open the front door quietly.  His roommates would still be asleep.  They both had day jobs.

He kicked off his shoes just inside the door, went to the kitchen for a clean old fashioned style glass and then to his bedroom where he poured himself two fingers of scotch and sat for a moment on his bed, drink in hand.

He pushed his socks off one foot at a time with his toes and then brought his feet up to sit cross-legged.  He had no plans but to sip scotch in bed until sleep took him.  Then wake up, go to work, come back home and repeat.  *Much as almost everyone lives their lives,* he thought.  *One pointless day after another.*

His roommate's dog Barney came sniffing around his doorway, asking if he could come inside in his own dog-like way.  Dogs were welcome sometimes.  Nobody else was.  If David wanted company, he went out.

Barney was a mutt.  He was medium sized and friendly and submissive.  Sometimes David would take care of him when Nick was out of town.  David and his roommates were friendly in an arms-length, businesslike sort of way.  Even if David had had no particular reason for keeping secrets, he did not like to tell people about his personal affairs.

Both roommates were in their late 20s.  David was 30 years old.  They knew him as Johnathan.  He received mail here as Johnathan.  And David always tried to act stupider when they were around.  But the ruse fell short of hiding all his books.  The walls of his bedroom were covered full and overflowing with books.  He never invited anyone inside his room, but every time the door was open anyone could see that it looked like a messy library.  All the free wall space was covered by bookcases, and every bookcase was stuffed extra full of books.  Every flat surface in the room was covered in dirty glasses and soda cans and books that had been opened and stacked.

Without ever saying it exactly, David encouraged them to think that his books were all novels and that he was a struggling unpublished novelist himself.

The scotch was cheaper than what he had grown used to in his earlier life.  But if things had not gone the way they did, he might not have started leaning so heavily on the scotch in the first place.  It had an unpleasant bite.  He added more water to it than he would have used with good scotch.

He sat and sipped, and Barney sat on the floor by his bed, content for just a moment.  But Barney was not content for long.  He stood up and he started walking toward the door, and then he came back for David.  Then he turn and went again---clearly asking David to follow him the way dogs do.  Barney did this several times, dancing a little as he walked.  David figured he needed to be let outside.

He took the scotch with him to let Barney out the back door.  As soon as David stood up, Barney raced into the living room and then waited.  Then when David got to the living room, Barney raced to the back door.  

Barney didn't bark.  He was not impolite to his sleeping human, Nick.  Nor to his other sleeping human friend Alex.  Alex was the other roommate, and Alex had a dog too.  Alex and his dog were presumably both in their room sleeping.

As soon as David opened the back door, Barney raced out and became a shadow moving joyfully among the grass and bushes of the yard before he settled to do his business.

David sat on a folding chair on the back stoop and waited.  And he sipped his scotch slowly.  After a moment, he noticed tiny fruit flies buzzing around a potted plant beside the door, and suddenly he realized he could smell it.

The smell was rotting fruit. Sweet and foul at the same time. There on top of the soil in the pot someone had tossed two handfuls of strawberries and left them to rot along with bits of orange peel.

*It's a message*, he thought.  The thought was instantaneous, as soon as he saw the strawberries.  He knew immediately who had put them there, and he knew what the message meant, but it all still seemed absurd to him.  Surely Alex has just thrown some compost here to help fertilize the plant.

*But the fact that I saw it immediately as a message means most likely it is a message*, he thought.  She would know how to send him a cryptic message that only he would understand.

It had been long enough, so David called Barney back.  The dog hesitated just a moment and then he came running back and he waited by the door, wagging his tail.

David decided to leave the strawberries where they were.  Each roommate would just think one of the others had put them there.

Inside, Barney went quietly back into Nick's room.  David poured a tall glass of water in the kitchen and then retired for the day to his bedroom.  He closed the door behind him, changed into pajama pants, and sat on his bed again.

The walls of his bedroom were covered mostly with books of physics and some smaller collections in the other sciences.  On a shelf within reaching distance of his bed was a collection of self-help books that looked well worn.

He pulled a book from the self-help shelf without looking at it.  But he didn't open the book. He just sat and sipped his scotch, his eyes glazed with a thousand-yard stare.

The book's cover was *How to Win Friends and Influence People*. But that was just the cover. David had carefully cut the cover off a copy of that book and replaced the inside with an obscure book he treasured---*Topology of Symbolic Similarity and Resonance*. The author himself had often just called the book and its subject "*Symbolic Similarity Magic*", so that is how David thought of it. The old professor was a friend, and he had been David's dissertation advisor years ago when David was earning his PhD.

*She's here, and she wants to meet*, he thought. He just had to get the roommates out of the house for a while. She would be watching. She would know that was an invitation.

***

David slept dreamlessly at first and then more fitfully as the hours wore on.  By the time he woke again it was 5 PM and he had decided to call in sick for work.

For the price of two movie tickets, Nick and Alex agreed to let him have the house to himself for the night---at least until midnight.  He didn't offer them any details, but he used certain phrases to suggest he wanted privacy for a date.  It was more or less the truth anyway.

She would see in her way, however it was she always seemed to know things

When both roommates had gone, David began to tidy his bedroom.  Then he put some clothes in the washer.  Then he poured a drink, sat, and waited. Minutes passed in nervous anticipation.  At this point in his life, one drink was far too little to calm his nerves.

He wondered suddenly if he was presentable enough, and he glanced down at himself. His jeans were over-worn. Quickly to the bathroom mirror.  Blond. Thin. No obvious attempt at muscles or fitness.  He wet his fingers and ran them through his hair.  This was about as good as it was going to get.  

He was interrupted by a quiet knock at the front door. He went at a run in his bare feet. Opened the door. It was her, and the two of them just stood for a moment. She had dyed her hair. Or was that a wig? It was much darker than the sandy blond he remembered. And it was shorter---just below the chin. And she wore glasses with a thick black plastic frame. The effect was drastic. She looked like a different person almost. But nothing she could do would change the shape of her face, and she still wore thick black mascara to emphasize her already large eyes.

"You look changed," she said.  "Your face is the same, but you look like the kind of tired that doesn't go away with sleep."

"You mean I look older?" he suggested.

She smiled.  "No.  You still look 25."

"Well," he said. "You look better as a blond."

"I know," she said.

"Come in.  Have a seat," he offered.

She lingered just a moment by the door as if unsure what to do.

"This isn't just a social call," she said.

"I know that, Darling. I'm not an idiot. Any chance you'll take that thing off?" He glanced up at the wig.

She shrugged. "It's hard to put back on right. We'll see. Can I have one of whatever you're drinking?" She paused briefly. "Scotch, is it? Ugh. Beer please if you have it."

He chuckled. "I have beer."

She sat on the sofa while he went to the kitchen for beer.

She wore a too-big, off-one-shoulder blouse that looked like it came straight from the 80s. When he returned from the kitchen with two beers, his eyes lingered on the cream of her exposed shoulder.

"Shouldn't you avoid the attention?" he said.

She followed his gaze. "A man looking at my shoulder isn't looking at my face very hard," she said. She took the beer and the glass he offered. She put the glass down and drank the beer from the bottle.

He sat next to her on the sofa, on her left side, his thigh against hers, and he could think of little else but running his fingers through her hair again---her real hair.  A wig just wouldn't do.

"What do they call you these days," he asked.

She smiled, then laughed, and he didn't know what was funny, but he was thrilled to hear her laugh.

"I'm going by Charlie---Charlotte on documents. 'But don't call me Charlotte,' I tell people. I practiced my signature so many times."

She put her hand softly on his thigh near the knee. "Do you know why I'm here?" she said.

"To see my handsome face, of course," he said.

"Yes, that," she said with no irony at all. "But there's more."

"That much I presume."

"When you presume, you make a 'pres' out of you and me," she said.

"I'm willing to take that risk," he said.

She turned to look at him pointedly. Her eyes always had so much to say. There was worry there, and there was mirth and affection.

"You are still allowed to kiss me, David," she said.  "You always were. Just do it already because I have something I need to tell you and I want your full attention on what I'm say-ing."

He reached gingerly for her face and touched the black plastic glasses she wore. "Do you actually need these?"

"No. They're plain glass."

He took them off her and put them on the table. He began trying to remove the wig and he fumbled at it. Evidently she had it pinned down or something. She sighed with limitless patience, and she reached up with both hands to unfasten it herself. She tossed the wig aside and then untied her natural hair. It fell down to her shoulders in spirals the color of beach sand on a summer day in full sunlight.

When he moved in to kiss her lips, she pushed in and she bit his bottom lip and grabbed the back of his head, tightly grasping a handful of his hair.
She pulled back just a moment to meet his eyes again, smiling. "I know you think I'm some beautiful goddess and I'm out of your league or something---"

"Quit doing that," he cut in.

&ldquo;---But you are quite a catch yourself," she finished.

He had nothing to say to that.  He knew this thing she was doing all too well, and he meant to let her finish, but mostly he was fascinated by touching her left ear.

"For example," she continued. "Your eyes are the greenest I've ever seen. And I do not talk too much!"

"Darling girl, would you please let me say a thing before you respond angrily to it? I'd like you to know that I had the balls to say it out loud."

She cocked her head, waiting, smiling.

"Darling girl, you talk too much. You offered me a kiss and I mean to take it."

She kissed him then, and it was firm, and it felt very much like she was the one doing the kissing, but she pulled away too soon. With a touch of worry in her eyes suddenly, she reached for her purse and pulled out a piece of copy paper folded twice. She pushed it to his chest without looking. "Tell me what you see," she said.

Somehow he knew instantly what that paper was.  It was a sketch of a woman's face done in pencil.  Rather, it was a photocopy of the original.  Caitlin had made it for the police.  She had seen a woman's face the night this all started, and she had tried to put the police on the right track. *The pigs got it all so wrong though.*

When he unfolded the paper and looked, he was confused. "I thought you were showing me the old sketch from when&hellip; But this is&hellip;" He paused, hoping she would explain, but she just waited. 

"Is this Penelope Walters?" he said.